The Polyamorus Agreement

Forward: Every relationship should have a variation of this particular agreement, even if it is verbal. The purpose for the agreement is to foster trust and openness and therefore a partnership of love and safety. Obviously this is non-binding in the legal sense, but we should be able to love and trust each other that we will stick to these agreed items.

When to disclose: Harmless flirting does not need to be disclosed. As soon as it goes beyond this, we will inform each other of this new interest. This applies to meeting people from online - inform each other BEFORE meeting them. Also applies to prospective dates/partners from dating apps or sites.

Emergencies: Always be reachable for an emergency. If we are out and something happens to a family member, neither of us wants to be the last to know, nor miss an opportunity. Calls will only be used in an emergency while on a date, or otherwise agreed upon. The standard “two calls, back to back, constitutes an emergency” applies.

Dating: Let each other know as soon as a date is solidified, even if it is just a coffee date. If the intention is to cultivate this friendship into something more, then it is considered a date. We will let each other know when and where for safety purposes. While on said date, we will acknowledge that we are not obligated to answer a text right away. How much you want to disclose about the date is up to you. We will try to plan our dates a week in advance to keep each other aware of what’s going on and try to not spring anything on either of us at the last minute. 

Sex: Protectection will be used until fluid bonded, which will be a discussion on its own. We will get STI tested regularly, and after possible exposure. We will ask the same of our partners. If there is the possibility of unplanned sex with a non-partner, we will let each other know. If it happens, and was totally unplanned, we will let each other know ASAP, and be STI tested. This is not an encouragement of sex outside of relationships, but an agreement that it can happen. Regular sex with partners need not be “reported.” Similar agreements with partners with testing should alleviate any STI issues.

Cheating: We will give each other honesty, open communication, and time to process any new changes. Hidden relationships, however brief, are toxic to a loving relationship. For purposes of this agreement this is what we will call cheating.

Wants/Needs: Wants and the needs will be expressed as soon as possible, so that we may work to fix any aspects that are lacking. Items that cannot be resolved on our own will be addressed by counselors or therapists. This includes cyclical situations/arguments. 

Boundaries: List Applicable boundaries here.

Sacred Spaces: Some spaces will be off limits to others. We will decide if or what spaces are appropriate.

US Time: We will make time in our week devoted solely to nourishing our relationship so that we both still feel loved, reassured of our commitment to each other, and that we still choose each other as partners. Ideally a full day, but I know our schedules sometimes conflict. Time and attention are important!

Transparency: Any transparency beyond these is up to the discretion and comfort of either or all parties, both the telling and the listening.

Changes: Any changes, additions, or removals in this agreement need to be negotiated (if needed) and agreed upon before implantation.

End of file.

Summary of changes:

x/x/x - changes go here.
